---
layout: post
title:  罗杰波教授、梅涛研究员前往北邮作学术报告
date:   2016-06-14 
categories: news
author: 刘武
---
* content
{:toc}
## Description
* 题目：Vision with A Billion Eyes （亿眼睽睽）
* 主讲人：Jiebo Luo教授（IEEE Fellow），美国罗切斯特大学
* 主持人：马华东教授
* 时间：2016年6月14日（星期二）下午4点~5点
* 地点：北邮教三楼611

## Abstract
A recent trend in computer vision is driven by images and video generated by heterogeneous and multi-perspective visual sensing networks. We present a few examples of research along this line.  

First, we will present an interesting framework for event recognition. With GPS information, we obtain satellite images corresponding to picture locations and investigate their novel use to recognize the picture-taking environment. 

We then combine this inference with classical vision-based event detection methods and demonstrate the synergistic fusion of the two approaches. Second, to determine the viewing direction for geotagged photos, we utilize both Google StreetView and Google Earth satellite images. 

Third, we explore using phone-captured images for localization as it contains more context information than the embedded sensory GPS coordinates.  We then build applications to enable people to enjoy ubiquitous location-based services (LBS) using their phones. 

Fourth, we leverage crowd-sourced photos to remove unwanted bystanders from tourist photos taken at popular attractions and measure air pollution in major cities in China.  Furthermore, given a new source of visual data from public webcams deployed in urban environments, we will present some ongoing work on crowd analytics using such data.
 
## Bio
Professor Jiebo Luo joined the University of Rochester (UR) in 2011 after a prolific career of over fifteen years at Kodak Research Laboratories. He has been involved in numerous technical conferences, including serving as the program co-chair of ACM Multimedia 2010, IEEE CVPR 2012, and IEEE ICIP 2017. He has served as the Editor-in-Chief of the Journal of Multimedia, and on the editorial boards of the IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (TPAMI), IEEE Transactions on Multimedia (TMM), IEEE Transactions on Circuits and Systems for Video Technology (TCSVT), Pattern Recognition, Machine Vision and Applications, and Journal of Electronic Imaging. He is a Fellow of the SPIE, IEEE, and IAPR. He is a Data Science Distinguished Researcher with the CoE Goergen Institute for Data Science (IDS) at UR.